doc: update Code of Conduct (#1047)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> The OpenJS Foundation and its member projects use a modified version of the Contributor Covenant as their code of conduct, and the translations from the original script will not reflect all modifications. The full text is included below in English, and [the original translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations) are available on the Contributor Covenant website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenJS Foundation and its member projects use [Contributor Covenant v2.0](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct) as their code of conduct. The full text is included below in English, and [translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations) are available on the Contributor Covenant website.
```

Reviewer 2: i think changes need to be made on the patch file, not on this PR?

Reviewer: @ljharb Good point. Applied the changes there as well on this PR.
